research/publications.md, before:

---
layout: base
title: Publications & Presentations
menu: menuResearch
topMenu: Research
menuLink: index.html
---


Publications 
------------
Arslan, S., de Kok, D. & Bastiaanse, R. (2017). Processing grammatical evidentiality and time reference in Turkish heritage and monolingual speakers. *Bilingualism: Language and Cognition 20*(3), 457-472. [http://dx.doi.org/10.1017/S136672891500084X](http://dx.doi.org/10.1017/S136672891500084X).

De Kok, Daniel, de Kok, Dörte & Hinrichs, Marie (2014). [Build your own treebank](http://www.clarin.eu/sites/default/files/cac2014_submission_8_0.pdf). *Proceedings of the CLARIN Annual Conference*.  Soesterberg, The Netherlands.

Arslan, S., de Kok, D. & Bastiaanse, R. (2013). A fragile category: Turkish evidential source markers in agrammatism and bilingualism. [*Stem-, Spraak- en Taalpathologie* 18 (S01)](http://rjh.ub.rug.nl/sstp/article/view/11250/8753), 116-119.

De Kok, D., Wolthuis, N. & Bastiaanse, R. (2013). VAST-App - testing verbs and sentences with the iPad. [*Stem-, Spraak- en Taalpathologie* 18 (S01)](http://rjh.ub.rug.nl/sstp/article/view/11250/8753), 86-89.

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R., Stowe, L. & Bastiaanse, R. (2013). The whole is more than the sum of its parts - audiovisual processing of phonemes investigated with ERPs. *Brain and Language* 124 (3), 213-224. [Download preprint](Hessler2013.pdf)

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R. & Bastiaanse, R. (2012). [Processing of audiovisual stimuli in aphasic and non-brain-damaged listeners.](http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/02687038.2011.608840) *Aphasiology* 26, 83-102.

Hessler, D. (2011). [Audiovisual processing in aphasic and non-brain-damaged listeners. The whole is more than the sum of its parts.](http://irs.ub.rug.nl/ppn/338802789) PhD Thesis. 

Hessler, D. (2011). Audiovisuelle Verarbeitung von Phonemen bei Aphasie. In Hanne, S., Fritzsche, T., Ott, S., Adelt, A. (eds.) [*Spektrum Patholinguistik (4)*](http://opus.kobv.de/ubp/volltexte/2011/5314/pdf/spath04.pdf). Potsdam: Universitätsverlag Potsdam.

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R. & Bastiaanse, R. (2010). The influence of phonetic dimensions on aphasic speech perception](Hessler2010.pdf). *Clinical Linguistics and Phonetics* 24, 980-996.

Hessler, D. & Stadie, N. (2008). War die st&ouml;rungsspezifische Behandlung der auditiven Analyse effektiv? Eine Einzelfallstudie bei Aphasie. In Wahl, M., Heide, J., Hanne, S. (eds.) [*Spektrum Patholinguistik (1)*](spektrum.pdf). Potsdam: Universit&auml;tsverlag Potsdam, 131-134.

Presentations and Posters
--------------------------

De Kok, D., Hanekamp, S. & Bastiaanse, R. (2019). [Linguistic parameters in an app-based assessment of German verbs and nouns in aphasia](/soa2019/). Poster presented at 'Science of Aphasia XX', Rome (Italy). [(Abstract)](https://sstp.nl/article/view/35738/33292)

De Kok, D., Wolthuis, N. & Bastiaanse, R. (2013). WAT-App: een tool voor het testen van de productie en het begrip van Werkwoorden en Acties bij afasiepati&euml;nten. Talk given at Symposium ehealth4com, Nijmegen (Netherlands).

Arslan, S., de Kok, D. & Bastiaanse, R. (2013). A fragile category: Turkish evidential source markers in agrammatism and bilingualism. Talk given at 'Science of Aphasia XIV', Brussels (Belgium).

De Kok, D., Wolthuis, N. & Bastiaanse, R. (2013). VAST-App - testing verbs and sentences with the iPad. Poster presented at 'Science of Aphasia XIV', Brussels (Belgium).

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R., Stowe, L. and Bastiaanse, R. (2011). Processing of phonemic contrasts - an ERP study. Talk given at 'Science of Aphasia XII', Barcelona (Spain). 

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R., Stowe, L. & Bastiaanse, R. (2011).  The psychological reality of phonemic contrasts. Talk given at 'TABU Dag 32', Groningen (The Netherlands). [(Abstract)](AbTabu2011.pdf)

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R. & Bastiaanse, R. (2011). [Processing of audiovisual stimuli in aphasic and non-brain-damaged listeners](BCN2011.pdf). Poster presented at 'BCN New Years Meeting', Groningen (Netherlands).

Hessler, D. (2010). [Audiovisuelle Verarbeitung von Phonemen bei Aphasie.](Herbsttreffen2010.pdf) Invited talk given at '4. Herbsttreffen Patholinguistik', Potsdam (Germany).

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R. & Bastiaanse, R. (2010). [Deviant processing of audiovisual stimuli in aphasia.](soa2010.pdf) Talk given at 'Science of Aphasia XI', Potsdam (Germany). [(Abstract)](AbSoa2010.pdf)

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R. & Bastiaanse, R. (2010). Audiovisual processing in aphasic and healthy subjects - differences revealed by reaction times. Talk given at 'TABU Dag 31', Groningen (The Netherlands). [(Abstract)](AbTabu2010.pdf)

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R. & Bastiaanse, R. (2009).[The influence of phonetic features on aphasic speech perception](Soa2009.pdf). Talk given at 'Science of Aphasia X', Antalya (Turkey). [(Abstract)](AbSoa2009.pdf)

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R. & Bastiaanse, R. (2009). [How aphasic listeners perceive different phonetic features](AudCortex.pdf). Poster presented at 'The 3rd International Conference on Auditory Cortex, Magdeburg (Germany).

Hessler, D. & Stadie, N. (2008). [Evaluation of treatment for word sound deafness in aphasia - A single case study](Soa2008.pdf). Talk given at 'Science of Aphasia IX', Chalkidiki (Greece). [(Abstract)](AbSoa2008.pdf)

Hessler, D. & Stadie, N. (2007). War die st&ouml;rungsspezifische Behandlung der auditiven Analyse effektiv? Eine Einzelfallstudie bei Aphasie. Poster presented at '1. Herbsttreffen Patholinguistik', Potsdam (Germany).

Hessler, D. (2007). Treatment of word sound deafness in an aphasic patient - was it effective? Talk given at 'UCL Speech Science Forum (April, 25th)', London (UK).

Hessler, D. & Stadie, N. (2006). Hat die st&ouml;rungsspezifische Behandlung der auditiven Analyse gewirkt? Eine Einzelfallstudie bei Aphasie. Poster presented at 'GAB Conference', Hamburg (Germany).

Hessler, D. & Stadie, N. (2006). Evaluation of a treatment of word sound deafness in an aphasic patient. Talk given at 'BAS Therapy Symposium', Plymouth (UK).

Commit message:

abstract book added and link corrected SOA2019

research/publications.md, after:

---
layout: base
title: Publications & Presentations
menu: menuResearch
topMenu: Research
menuLink: index.html
---


Publications 
------------
De Kok, D., Hanekamp, S. & Bastiaanse, R. (2019). Linguistic parameters in an app-based assessment of German verbs and nouns in aphasia. [*Stem-, Spraak- en Taalpathologie* 24 (Supplement)](https://sstp.nl/article/view/35738/33292), 169-171.

Arslan, S., de Kok, D. & Bastiaanse, R. (2017). Processing grammatical evidentiality and time reference in Turkish heritage and monolingual speakers. *Bilingualism: Language and Cognition 20*(3), 457-472. [http://dx.doi.org/10.1017/S136672891500084X](http://dx.doi.org/10.1017/S136672891500084X).

De Kok, Daniel, de Kok, Dörte & Hinrichs, Marie (2014). [Build your own treebank](http://www.clarin.eu/sites/default/files/cac2014_submission_8_0.pdf). *Proceedings of the CLARIN Annual Conference*.  Soesterberg, The Netherlands.

Arslan, S., de Kok, D. & Bastiaanse, R. (2013). A fragile category: Turkish evidential source markers in agrammatism and bilingualism. [*Stem-, Spraak- en Taalpathologie* 18 (S01)](http://rjh.ub.rug.nl/sstp/article/view/11250/8753), 116-119.

De Kok, D., Wolthuis, N. & Bastiaanse, R. (2013). VAST-App - testing verbs and sentences with the iPad. [*Stem-, Spraak- en Taalpathologie* 18 (S01)](http://rjh.ub.rug.nl/sstp/article/view/11250/8753), 86-89.

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R., Stowe, L. & Bastiaanse, R. (2013). The whole is more than the sum of its parts - audiovisual processing of phonemes investigated with ERPs. *Brain and Language* 124 (3), 213-224. [Download preprint](Hessler2013.pdf)

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R. & Bastiaanse, R. (2012). [Processing of audiovisual stimuli in aphasic and non-brain-damaged listeners.](http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/02687038.2011.608840) *Aphasiology* 26, 83-102.

Hessler, D. (2011). [Audiovisual processing in aphasic and non-brain-damaged listeners. The whole is more than the sum of its parts.](http://irs.ub.rug.nl/ppn/338802789) PhD Thesis. 

Hessler, D. (2011). Audiovisuelle Verarbeitung von Phonemen bei Aphasie. In Hanne, S., Fritzsche, T., Ott, S., Adelt, A. (eds.) [*Spektrum Patholinguistik (4)*](http://opus.kobv.de/ubp/volltexte/2011/5314/pdf/spath04.pdf). Potsdam: Universitätsverlag Potsdam.

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R. & Bastiaanse, R. (2010). The influence of phonetic dimensions on aphasic speech perception](Hessler2010.pdf). *Clinical Linguistics and Phonetics* 24, 980-996.

Hessler, D. & Stadie, N. (2008). War die st&ouml;rungsspezifische Behandlung der auditiven Analyse effektiv? Eine Einzelfallstudie bei Aphasie. In Wahl, M., Heide, J., Hanne, S. (eds.) [*Spektrum Patholinguistik (1)*](spektrum.pdf). Potsdam: Universit&auml;tsverlag Potsdam, 131-134.

Presentations and Posters
--------------------------

De Kok, D., Hanekamp, S. & Bastiaanse, R. (2019). [Linguistic parameters in an app-based assessment of German verbs and nouns in aphasia](/research/soa2019/). Poster presented at 'Science of Aphasia XX', Rome (Italy). 

De Kok, D., Wolthuis, N. & Bastiaanse, R. (2013). WAT-App: een tool voor het testen van de productie en het begrip van Werkwoorden en Acties bij afasiepati&euml;nten. Talk given at Symposium ehealth4com, Nijmegen (Netherlands).

Arslan, S., de Kok, D. & Bastiaanse, R. (2013). A fragile category: Turkish evidential source markers in agrammatism and bilingualism. Talk given at 'Science of Aphasia XIV', Brussels (Belgium).

De Kok, D., Wolthuis, N. & Bastiaanse, R. (2013). VAST-App - testing verbs and sentences with the iPad. Poster presented at 'Science of Aphasia XIV', Brussels (Belgium).

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R., Stowe, L. and Bastiaanse, R. (2011). Processing of phonemic contrasts - an ERP study. Talk given at 'Science of Aphasia XII', Barcelona (Spain). 

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R., Stowe, L. & Bastiaanse, R. (2011).  The psychological reality of phonemic contrasts. Talk given at 'TABU Dag 32', Groningen (The Netherlands). [(Abstract)](AbTabu2011.pdf)

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R. & Bastiaanse, R. (2011). [Processing of audiovisual stimuli in aphasic and non-brain-damaged listeners](BCN2011.pdf). Poster presented at 'BCN New Years Meeting', Groningen (Netherlands).

Hessler, D. (2010). [Audiovisuelle Verarbeitung von Phonemen bei Aphasie.](Herbsttreffen2010.pdf) Invited talk given at '4. Herbsttreffen Patholinguistik', Potsdam (Germany).

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R. & Bastiaanse, R. (2010). [Deviant processing of audiovisual stimuli in aphasia.](soa2010.pdf) Talk given at 'Science of Aphasia XI', Potsdam (Germany). [(Abstract)](AbSoa2010.pdf)

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R. & Bastiaanse, R. (2010). Audiovisual processing in aphasic and healthy subjects - differences revealed by reaction times. Talk given at 'TABU Dag 31', Groningen (The Netherlands). [(Abstract)](AbTabu2010.pdf)

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R. & Bastiaanse, R. (2009).[The influence of phonetic features on aphasic speech perception](Soa2009.pdf). Talk given at 'Science of Aphasia X', Antalya (Turkey). [(Abstract)](AbSoa2009.pdf)

Hessler, D., Jonkers, R. & Bastiaanse, R. (2009). [How aphasic listeners perceive different phonetic features](AudCortex.pdf). Poster presented at 'The 3rd International Conference on Auditory Cortex, Magdeburg (Germany).

Hessler, D. & Stadie, N. (2008). [Evaluation of treatment for word sound deafness in aphasia - A single case study](Soa2008.pdf). Talk given at 'Science of Aphasia IX', Chalkidiki (Greece). [(Abstract)](AbSoa2008.pdf)

Hessler, D. & Stadie, N. (2007). War die st&ouml;rungsspezifische Behandlung der auditiven Analyse effektiv? Eine Einzelfallstudie bei Aphasie. Poster presented at '1. Herbsttreffen Patholinguistik', Potsdam (Germany).

Hessler, D. (2007). Treatment of word sound deafness in an aphasic patient - was it effective? Talk given at 'UCL Speech Science Forum (April, 25th)', London (UK).

Hessler, D. & Stadie, N. (2006). Hat die st&ouml;rungsspezifische Behandlung der auditiven Analyse gewirkt? Eine Einzelfallstudie bei Aphasie. Poster presented at 'GAB Conference', Hamburg (Germany).

Hessler, D. & Stadie, N. (2006). Evaluation of a treatment of word sound deafness in an aphasic patient. Talk given at 'BAS Therapy Symposium', Plymouth (UK).
